to the great light educational health and the day
today we are going to talk about first
assassin's creed juniti and the season pass
that will include a game in china if the
people from job and sofía revealed the season
pass de assassin's creed today
but it's also going to include a game for
he wanders is unique he needs in the eleven and
if they are praising the game good if
they are peace forgiveness is going to cost 30 dollars and
in which we are going to have a dlc
called the king's which is a story
a campaign and show what happens
after assassin's creed juniti ok
after this we will also be able to
play something called assassin's creed
Chinese chronicles in which we will be able to
do many things in China I do not repeat it
This china is something apart has not
nothing to do with the history of
assassin's creed juniti and the rest good
this is critical to them unique Chinese is based
in the 1600s
so
you're going to do I think I'm not a
I am a neighbor who was trained by
that auditor
So now you know
to see what happens is not good that now
let's talk about something else multiplayer
for playstation 4 the voice sorry the
Sony people are going to have a week
outside a free weekend with
playstation plus on playstation 4 if not
you have playstation plus simple 4 good
this weekend you will be able to enjoy the
business on Friday friday 26
September at 8 in the morning good
better said the relevant ones because it ends
of peaceful works and sister go to the hour
of getting up, you will be able to enjoy the
playstation plus services
free this weekend to see if you
encourage you to buy it and also take advantage
to download the free games if not
did you know the free game imprecision plus
in play 4 also good there is it starts
on the 26th and the day would end
Monday in the morning like that so people
I fire fidocs to the live favorite
comment
obviously attention we will see you until the
next if I spoke a little bit wrong it's
because I'm bad throat be careful